docs: update slack example with real token (#1624)
asyncapi/generator: packages/templates/clients/websocket/python/README.md

You can test this template:
1. Clone the project and run `npm install`
1. Navigate to `packages/templates/clients/websocket/python`
1. Install with `npm install` and run test with `npm run test`
1. Install dependencies of the generated client: `pip install -r test/temp/snapshotTestResult/custom_client_hoppscotch/requirements.txt`
1. Start example script that uses a client library generated by the test: `python example.py`

> By default this is testing against Hoppscotch echo service. You can modify `packages/templates/clients/websocket/python/example.py` and change line 7 to `from temp.snapshotTestResult.client_postman.client import PostmanEchoWebSocketClientClient` and line 21 `client = PostmanEchoWebSocketClientClient()` and run `python example.py` again. You will see example still works but agains different API. This is possible as both AsyncAPI documents have the same name of operation for sending messages: `sendEchoMessage` so each client generated has the same API.

## Client for Slack

To run the Slack Client example, follow the steps above but with 2 exceptions:
- Use `example-slack.py` instead of `example.py`.

> - You need to pass environment variables with proper authorization details. Your command must look like this: `TICKET=1d967f38-ccff-44f6-adec-9616eec9c4b7 APP_ID=00dfdcccb53a2645dd3f1773fcb10fa7b0a598cf333a990a9db12375ef1865dd python example-slack.py`

Reviewer: If we have token in pinned item in `#generator` channel in Slack, I suggest to revert changes to old one:

```
TICKET={provide secret info} APP_ID={provide id of the slack app} python example-slack.py
```

What do you think?

> Instructions on how to create the Slack app and also obtain authorization is described in details in the [Slack AsyncAPI document](../test/__fixtures__/asyncapi-slack-client.yml).

You can use our AsyncAPI's credentials to access different set of events produced in AsyncAPI Slack workspace, in the `#generator` channel.

> 1. Generate an access ticket with an application ID that will enable you to establish a websocket connection. Replace below bearer token with real token that you can find in `slack-example.md` document added to bookmarks of `#generator` channel in [AsyncAPI Slack workspace](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Generate an access ticket with an application ID that will enable you to establish a websocket connection. Replace the following  bearer token with real token that you can find in `slack-example.md` document added to bookmarks of `#generator` channel in [AsyncAPI Slack workspace](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite):
```

    ```
    curl --location --request POST 'https://slack.com/api/apps.connections.open' \

>     --header 'Authorization: Bearer xapp-1-A08NKKBFGBD-8768087393844-b85d0215e33ec13272e523e47d96b602d9dc5e57863e5b2df79d81b999da10bc'

Reviewer 3: @derberg `xapp-` is changed actually after you added to bookmark. You can see in book it is - 
xapp-1-A08NKKBFGBD-9090274147731-819088c9eecbbcb3fb6c62286330cedf29547539cf04783c2b509059d54fd209

Reviewer 3: It is working 👍 when I change to above. I would still recommend to copy from bookmark only.

Reviewer: If it will be this same token then Slack will disable it, Łukasz had problem with previous one.

    ```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>**Note**:  Ensure that you do not expose the real token on GitHub or any other public platform.

```

    ```

    You can take generated `url` and use with CLI websocket client like `websocat` (first remove excape backslashes):
    ```
    websocat "wss://wss-primary.slack.com/link/?ticket=089a0c38-cdec-409f-99fa-0ca24e216ea4&app_id=00dfdcccb53a2645dd3f1773fcb10fa7b0a598cf333a990a9db12375ef1865dd"
    ```

    But that is just for testing. The point is to use the generated Python client.

1. Start the example that uses generated client. Examine events, and modify example as you want:
    ```
    TICKET=089a0c38-cdec-409f-99fa-0ca24e216ea4 APP_ID=00dfdcccb53a2645dd3f1773fcb10fa7b0a598cf333a990a9db12375ef1865dd python example-slack.py
    ```
    Successfully established connection will welcome you with below event:
    ```
    {"type":"hello","num_connections":1,"debug_info":{"host":"applink-3","build_number":118,"approximate_connection_time":18060},"connection_info":{"app_id":"A08NKKBFGBD"}}
    ```
    If you did not receive it, you probably connect with wrong credentials. Remember that generated `ticket` can be used only once to establish a websocket connection.

### Security Concerns

> The `App-Level Token` that is shared in this readme can be used only to obtain the websocket ticket. This token has only `connections:write` scope.

Reviewer: Is `connections:write` a good scope? I would understand `connections:read` but write seems too big a scope to me. Can you explain?

Reviewer: Ok, discussed in PM.

Author: as discussed, it only gives rights to open connection
